The Joe Rogan experience.
My lucid dreaming has become. So where I,
you know,
that feeling where in a dream where you're in a high precipice and you think
you're gonna fall right now in a dream, I can jump off of it. I know, oh,
I'm in a dream.
I can I'll jump and I'm gonna float or fly or sink slowly and
safely to the ground. I get the same feeling in real life, on a,
a high, I,
we were crossing the Mississippi once and I was behind the wheel and I started
to have this panic attack and Cha's editing in the passenger seat.
And I'm like, take the wheel, take the wheel. I I'm freaking out a bit. So now,
like, I, I need to be a regular dosage of Xanax.
Well.
Hold on. Before you get into that, let,
let me take you back to the Luci dreamy thing. Like when did that start.
Over the years? I recently, well, no, over five.
Years, years, it's like how many.
Years it's, it's getting better all the time. You you're.
Better at lucid dreaming than you were before. Did, was it.
A, um, I had to come out this morning. I took a Seroquil,
which I try not to take. What's that?
It's a very powerful antipsychotic.
<laugh> that? Uh, it's probably bad for your liver.
Why taking an antipsychotic? Because it, I sleep.
I can sleep like 14 hours. I'll get up to,
go like lucidly out of the dream, remembering the dream and go back,
hang on. I have to just like I here on the podcast.
I can get up out of a say, please hold dream.
lucidly. I'm not in a closet. Like Sean R <laugh>.
So Sarah and go back for you. Yeah, I, I,
and that's why I use it very sparingly.
Jesus Christ. That sounds amazing.
It's the best. Like.
What else does it do.
Though? What the bad is you not shared dreams with people?
I know it's a hack premise. Mm. But where I woke up this morning,
I went to bed after red band.
Finally called me <laugh> and told me, oh yeah.
I prompted Joe Rogan to finally respond to you. What time am I gonna be?
I didn't know what time I'm supposed to be here. Mm. He told me the address.
I think you were texting the.
Wrong number. No, I'm pretty sure. No, no. With me.
Me. Uh, do you want, uh, if you want to put a half a million dollar bet,
I'll use your half million as a down payment on that comedian Grove.
This is comedian Grove. Um, I'll I'll show you the text.
What, what? We were just saying something though. Yeah.
About lucid dreaming lucid. So, so I,
I was in such a state when I woke up this morning from dreams where, you know,
the dream where you wake up and go, oh thank God. Everything was going. Right.
But I wanted, this is.
What I wanna know. Did,
did the lucid dreams start independently of this clerical stuff? Oh,
did they start with yeah, no. Since I was a kid, oh, you've always had lucid.
Dreams. I remember when I was probably an early teenager,
the first time that I could correlate that stomach drop feeling
of when you're about to fall off of something. But you could fly. Yeah. Like,
do you have flying dreams sometimes? Yeah.
But those have grown where, okay, now I can fly.
Now I know I'm in a dream. I can kind of control it. I,
I know what's going on and I can wake up and and go back to bed
and get right back into the same dreams.
Did you read books about this?
Is this something that you just figured out as you were doing it as you were
having these lucid dreams? Yeah.
But at the same problem that everyone who has dreams,
you can't quite remember it, but the feeling, the stomach drop feeling the, oh,
I'm, I'm floating things that connect your brain back to,
okay. I know I'm in a dream, but I'm not gonna wake up. Let's with this. But.
You, so you,
but you got better over the years just by having Lucy dreams over and over again
and realizing what's,
what's the thing that you do that gets you out of the dream. Don't do that.
And just figured out what to do to.
Stay in that state. Sometimes you, you,
you wake up or sometimes you're only alerted to the fact that you're dreaming.
Cuz you had BA BA BA oh, I get a text message. Okay. Reality's on the outside.
It's me up. Shut off your phone before you go to.
Bed. But thes is more extreme.
It's bigger than it makes you sleep longer. I don't know.
I don't know the science.
Behind it, but, but is,
does thes making you have more lucid dreams or better control of your lucid.
Dreams? It it's, it's making me sleep longer and uh,
making, be more aware that I'm in a dream. I don't know.
I just know sural dreams. I've lived an entire,
these altered states where I woke up and I'm like,
is there still a receipt in my pocket from that dream that I can prove there's
two different worlds. It was that up. But you can't explain that to people.
I wanted to call anyone. I woke up and I was like, it was just a dream.
There's a, a movie about, uh, recording dreams.
That was pretty good that I saw the other night. I think it's called come true.
And it's about apparently there is some technology that they're working on
right now where they can record certain aspects of your thoughts.
Like if you're thinking about a triangle,
it'll show an image of a triangle and they think read something about it. Yeah.
They think they're going to get to the point where they're going to be able to
get at least some sort of a reasonable fact simile of the visuals that you're
having in your dreams catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full of the Joe Rogan experience.